A teacher is trying to give out treats to a group of students. He decides the fairest way to divide the treats is to seat the students around a circular table in sequentially numbered chairs. A chair number will be drawn from a hat. Beginning with the student in that chair, one candy will be handed to each students sequentially around the table until all have been distributed.

The teacher is playing a little joke, though. The last piece of candy looks like all the others, but it tastes awful. Determine the chair number occupied by the students who will receive that candy.

For example, there are 4 students and 6 pieces of candy. The students arrange themselves in seats numbered 1 to 4. Let's suppose 2 is drawn from the hat, students receive candy at positions 2,3,4,1,2,3. The students to be pranked sits in chair number 3.

Function Description

Complete the prankTheStudent function in the editor below. It should return an integer representing the chair number of the student to get pranked.

prankTheStudent has the following parameter(s):

n: an integer, the number of students m: an integer, the number of treats s: an integer, the chair number to begin passing out sweets from

Input Format

The first line contains an integer, t, denoting the number of test cases. The next t lines each contain 3 space-separated integers: - n: the number of prisoners - m: the number of sweets - s: the chair number to start passing out treats at

Constraints

1 ≤ t ≤ 100
1 ≤ n ≤ 10^9
1 ≤ m ≤ 10^9
1 ≤ s ≤ n
Output Format

For each test case, print the chair number of the student who receives the awful treat on a new line.

Sample Input 0

2
5 2 1
5 2 2
Sample Output 0

2
3
Explanation 0

In first query, there are n=5 students and m=5 treats. Distribution starts at seat s=1 . Studnets in seats numbered 1 and 2 get sweets. We prank student 2. In the second query, distribution starts at seat 2 so studnets in seats 2 and 3 get sweets. We prank student 3.

Link -> https://www.hackerrank.com/contests/crack-the-code-challenge/challenges/prank-the-student/problem